specify an alternative container registry (without auth) for the testsuite (#716)
uyuni-project/sumaform: README_TESTING.md

}
```

## Alternative Container Registry server

> If you want the test suite to use a unauthenticated container registry server, you can specufy it with the `registry_uri` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the test suite to use an unauthenticated container registry server, you can specify it with the `registry_uri` variable.
```
In this case, we want to say user can specify an unauthenticated container registry or it can set an alternative one, with or without authentication?

Reviewer 2: This is "alternative" because there is a default server. I therefore suggest to add here:

     "If you don't specify an alternative server, it will default to `registry.mgr.suse.de`."

Note: we could have chosen as an alternative to make this server optional. In that case, the corresponding Docker tests would have been skipped in the test suite. I'm not saying this would have been a better solution, I'm just saying that would have been possible too :smile_cat: .

Author: test fixed and for now the registry is optional
